Classic Nepali MOMO 
(Nepali Meat Dumplings)   

INGREDIENTS
Dough for wrappers: 
5 cups all-purpose flour 
1 tablespoon oil 
Water as required
Pinch of salt 
Filling: 
2 lbs. lean ground lamb/pork 
1 cup red onion, finely chopped 
1/2 cup green onion, finely chopped 
1/2 cup fresh cilantro, finely chopped 
1 tablespoon fresh garlic, minced 
1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced 
¼ teaspoon timur (Szechwan pepper) 
¼ teaspoon nutmeg, grated
1/4 teaspoon turmeric 
1 tablespoon curry powder, meat masala or MOMO masala
3 fresh red chilies, minced, or as desired
3 tablespoons cooking oil
Salt and Pepper
DIRECTIONS
For stuffing mixture combine all filling ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Mix well; adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour to allow all ingredients to impart their unique flavors. This also improves the consistency of the filling. 
In a large bowl combine flour, oil, salt and water. Mix well; knead until the dough becomes homogeneous in texture, about 10 minutes. Cover and let stand for at least 15 min. Knead well again before making wrappers. Prepare 1-in. diameter dough balls. It is recommended to work with a dozen or so balls at a time to prevent from drying.  Take a dough ball, roll between your palms to spherical shape. Dust working board with dry flour. On the board gently flatten the ball with your palm. Then roll out into 3-in diameter wrapper. Repeat with the remaining dough balls. Cover with bowl to prevent from drying. 
For packing hold wrapper on one palm, put one tablespoon of filling mixture and with the other hand bring all edges together to the center, while making pleats. Pinch and twist the pleats to ensure the absolute closure of the stuffed dumpling.
Heat up a steamer, oil the steamer rack well. This is critical because it will prevent dumplings from sticking. Arrange uncooked MOMOs in the steamer with some space left between the dumplings. Close the lid, and allow steaming until the dumplings are cooked through, about 10-15 min. Take the dumplings off the steamer, and immediately serve. Alternatively, you can place uncooked dumplings directly in slightly salted boiling water and cook until done, approximately 10 minutes. You may also slightly sauté cooked dumplings in butter before serving.  To serve, arrange the cooked MOMOs on a plate dressed with MOMO of your choice. 